

“The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.” 
- Sophocles, Oedipus Rex

I am an anachronism of the 21st century.

"The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." ~ Michelangelo

“Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire!”
- William Butler Yeats

“The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.”
- Mark Twain

“It is not enough to be busy. The question is: What are we busy about?”
- Henry David Thoreau

“Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.”
- Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“My philosophy is: It’s none of my business what people say of me, and think of me. I am what I am, and I do what I do. I expect nothing, and accept everything. And it makes life so much easier.”
- Anthony Hopkins



“Education is what people do to you and learning is what you do to yourself.”
— Joi Ito


"Do the things you fear most." ~ Alexis. Castle (4.22)

"If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupery

All will be well. It's not that I'm leaving things for fate to decide or that I no longer care what happens. I simply believe that in the end, no matter what happens, I have the strength and the confidence to deal with the consequences of my choices. And even if I don't, I have friends and family who will help me find a way. ~ 11/26/2011

"You may not be her first her last or her only. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break...her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there." ~Bob Marley

Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire! ~William Butler Yeats

The Dalai Lama, when asked what surprised him most about humanity, answered "Man. Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money. Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived."

"Amateurs work until they can get it right. Professionals work until they can't get it wrong."

"Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish." ~ Steve Jobs

You will listen to me! LISTEN! The other ships will still be looking to us, to the Black Pearl, to lead, and what will they see? Frightened bilgerats aboard a derelict ship? No, no they will see free men and freedom! And what the enemy will see, they will see the flash of our cannons, and they will hear the ringing of our swords, and they will know what we can do! By the sweat of our brow and the strength of our backs and the courage in our hearts! Gentlemen, Hoist the Colors! ~ Elizabeth Swann

"Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”

"This battle isn't our entire future, this isn't the end. It's only a moment in time. No matter what happens, there will always be a future. It's up to us to make it a better one. I believe we can do that. Never, ever give up hope, because that's exactly what they want. No matter how this battle turns out, if we continue to believe there is hope for a better future, we will have won." ~ Bobby Pendragon (Pendragon: The Pilgrims of Rayne by D.J. MacHale)

“Nothing can be done if you’re afraid. The important thing when faced with various situations is to bet on the unstable winning chance and throw yourself into the uncertain future. Trust in yourself. Basically ‘the little bit of courage.’"

Captain Jack Sparrow: "If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it."

She soon says, "You're my best friend, Ed."
"I know."
You can kill a man with those words.
No gun
No bullets
Just words and a girl. ~ (I am the Messenger by Marukus Zusak)

Elizabeth Swann: "Jack, it would never have worked out between us."
Jack Sparrow: "Keep telling yourself that, darling."

"Shall we dance, friend of my heart?" ~ Eragon (Eldest by Christopher Paolini)

“Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you.” 

It is not the critic who counts: not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without error or shortcoming, but who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself for a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows, in the end, the triumph of high achievement, and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least he fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.
~Teddy Roosevelt

"Walk away if it's for yourself. Stand up and fight if it's for someone else." ~ Seely Booth (Bones Season 4 Ep. 4)

Norrington: Our fates have been entwined, Elizabeth, but never joined

The Pessimist complains about the wind. The Optimist expects the wind to change. A Leader adjust the sails. -Unknown

A woman without her man is nothing.
A woman, without her man, is nothing.
A woman: without her, man is nothing.
Punctuation is very powerful.